November 2015
Death Valley was definitely a special trip. It was you and me under the vast starry night in the back of a pick-up truck. The temperature dropped but laying next to you, I felt protected and warm. 

It was a life changing night for the both of us. A night I’ll always remember.

December 2015
This month carried with it an array of mixed emotions and anticipations regarding our jobs and of our relationship for the upcoming year. The long distance between us made me miss you so much whenever we were apart.

I was so anxioius of our future. We had just started dating and all these life things came at us from all sides. Once again, you came through. You were so confident in us and that we are going to make it.

You were amazing. I loved hearing how you were so sure about us, and how you'll carry the burden of my doubts.

The holidays came and I got to spend it with you doing a unique trip to New Orleans. Even though we were unprepared for the cold, I still loved every moment of it. We got to spend the week together like as if we lived together in our own place. It sparked in me a nice vision of our future together.

----- old -----
This month carried with it an array of mixed emotions and anticipations regarding our jobs and of our relationship for the upcoming year. The long distance between us made me miss you so much whenever we were apart. However, you’ve made it bearable by sending me the most beautiful bouquet of flowers that I’ve ever seen. 

“Even if we were married, I’d still give you flowers because I know how much you love them.”

You have no idea of the overwhelming emotions it brought out in me, I was so afraid of how much I was beginning to feel from simply receiving flowers from you and you telling me that. 

The holidays came and I got to spend it with you doing a unique trip to New Orleans. Even though we were unprepared for the cold, I  still loved every moment of it. We got to spend the week together like as if we lived together in our own place. It sparked in me a nice vision of our future together.--------------- 

January 2016
We were both funemployed. Both looking to somehow fill in the gapping pieces that would bring us closer to our future. Your decision to want to find a job up in the Bay Area was surprisingly shocking to me. It was a big change. I’ve known people to talk about things but never follow through — but you did. I had so much respect and admiration for you since. 

February 2016
All of your interviews and Greyhound trips paid off! It was the beginning of a new chapter for you with the new job at Shift. And Gypsy Palace felt like my second home whenever I got to see you.

March 2016
You now have a semi-permanent address up in the Bay Area and I was still unemployed, but we could see each other whenever. Seeing how fast you have moved through set-backs made me feel inferior and lacking. *soul circus

April 2016
Now I have a job! And we can play :) *juni / beach /

May 2016
Thailand. The effects that NOLA’s cold weather had on you, was the same effects (x100) that Thailand’s hot and humidity had on me. You were still patient with me despite how I was towards you. The weather and one other factor drove me insane with fury and irritability. I apologize that our first international trip together couldn’t yield more favorable memories but a few handful. *thailand

June - August 2016
I moved in with you. It was the first time ever that I cohabited with someone and sharing a bed with them every night. Everything was so new to me, I got to be with you every single day after work, and the best part for me was ending every night with “good night” instead of “good-bye.” 

September 2016
Bad. Month. 

A very, very, very bad month. 

If only we are allowed a redo of the whole month.

October 2016
And now here we are and the earth has orbited a complete circle from the time we first started talking. There’s been a lot of ups & downs but I’m glad that it was with you through out it all. Thank you for the most emotionally eventful year, helping me learn and experience new things that I never would have imagined otherwise. I loved having you by my side though all of it, thank you for being my main man and lifting my heart. 

Next year will be a good year for the both of us! Just wait and see. I have a good feeling about it :) can’t wait to spend 2017 with my cheeseball.



